Mariners taking on the twins on Thursday
night Hisashi Iwakuma in search of
double-digit victories this season his
opposition Kevin Correia he trailed to
nothing bottom two and then Greg Miller
makes it worse as he drills an RBI
double over Aaron Hicks his head Mike
Zunino scores the ends have a three
nothing cushion but they're not done
their next matter for the home team is
Nick Franklin swung on a fly ball deep
into the gap in right-center field going
going
goodbye baseball Nick Franklin with a
three-run home run his eighth home run
of the season it's now the Mariners 6
and the twins nothing
ki ro with the call a short night for
Correa he would hit the showers after
just an inning and two thirds let's go
to the top of the third he Bakula and a
bases loaded one out Jam but he gets
Trevor Plouffe on strike three and
Plouffe is crestfallen that's out number
two and the next better Clete Thomas the
routine ground ball to the right side
Eva kuma gets out of that mess and it
remains a sixth of the game to the
bottom of the fifth we go Ryan trust me
now in as he faces Henry Blanco with one
on and two down and Blanco gets a hold
of this one to the gap in left center it
goes that's a rebbe double Michael
Saunders scores it's seven nothing Em's
next batter for Seattle is Dustin Ackley
now facing Brian Duensing
swung on fly ball deep into the gap in
right-center field going and going and
this one is on the track it off the wall
Blanco Ronny third he'll score actly
easily in the second base and it's now
the Mariners eight and the twins nothing
courtesy once again of ki ro to the top
of the sixth we go Eva kuma is cruising
right along facing Chris colabello one
on and one away that is strike three now
with two men aboard
Pedro flora Mon is gonna look at a
borderline call third strike he doesn't
like the call but it's it's just well
with Eva kuma and EMS and she's the
winner six shutout innings on Thursday
night k Seattle remains red-hot with an
eight to win their ninth and ten games
Hisashi Iwakuma continues his dominance
of between
improving to four no and four career
starts and yet to allow an earned run in
twenty six and two-thirds innings
Korea's outing of an inning and two
thirds the third shortest of his 179
start career